= Robot Remote Server for the Robot Framework in Ruby

This is a Ruby gem for the Ruby implementation of RobotRemoteServer that comes with RobotFramework.

== Overview

Per its official documentation, "Robot Framework is a generic keyword-driven test automation framework." Natively, it supports testing libraries in Python and Java. However, Robot Framework also provides a "Remote Library" which allows for two things (again, per the official documentation):

* It is possible to have test libraries running on different machines than where Robot Framework itself is executed. This allows interesting possibilities for distributed testing.
* Test libraries can be implemented using any language that supports XML-RPC protocol. Robot Framework currently contains generic remote servers for Python/Jython and Ruby, and the plan is to implement generic servers for other languages like Java and Perl in the future.

== Installation

The simplest method of installation is to install the gem directly from Rubygems.org:

    gem install robot_remote_server

If at some point this project is taken on by Robot Framework and they supply their own gem, that gem will be taken down from Rubygems.org. In that event, if you still want the code for this project hosted on Github, follow the following instructions.

If you want to build the gem manually with the <tt>gem</tt> command:

    gem build robot_remote_server
    gem install robot_remote_server-{version}.gem

If you want a simpler interface, install the <tt>echoe</tt> gem (or just run this projects Gemfile with <tt>bundle install</tt>) and execute the following:

    rake build
    rake install
